docs/install/index.rst, before:

Run Zeus using Docker
=====================


.. notice:

   Docker and `docker-compose` are required to follow along this guide.


1. Create a customized environment file::

    $ cp defaults.env local.env
    $ vim local.env


2. Spawn docker containers ::

    $ docker-compose up -d --force-recreate --build --remove-orphans


3. Inspect docker instance
    $ docker-compose logs -f app


5. Wait for a few seconds for initialization scripts to complete and login as 
   administrator using `admin/admin` credentials::

    $ open https://localhost/zeus/auth/auth/login


Development
===========

I18N
----

Zeus is based on Django and thus makes use of Django i18n tools for the
translation of messages across the user interface. The few cases where we
deviate from the common Django i18n process are described below. 

It is recommended to have a good read through Django documentation regarding
i18n in advance of the following guidelines. 

https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.7/topics/i18n/translation/


Application settings
********************

To enable additional languages or change the default language used at your
deployment you should modify the following settings in your `local_settings.py`
module accordingly::

   LANGUAGE_CODE = 'en-us'
   LANGUAGES = (('en', 'English'), ('el', 'Greek'), ('<lang-code>', 'My Language'))


Add or update I18N messages
***************************

To add or update a new or existing language translation the following steps
should be performed,

1. Create django.po mapping for the specified language. Notice that as Django
   keeps translation mappings separately for each django app you should run the
   following command once in the context of each app used by zeus. `zeus`,
   `zeus_forum`, `helios`, `heliosauth`, `server_ui`,
   `account_administration`::

   $ cd <appname>; django-admin makemessages --no-location -l <lang-code> -e .html -e .txt


2. The command above scans for I18N messagess across the code of the app and
   creates proper `gettext` django.po catalogues in
   `<app_name>/locale/<lang-code>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po` files.  It also
   handles updated/new/modified messages. Once the catalogue files are created
   you can edit them using your favourite text editor. Each message translation
   is formed in a <message-id>/<translation> two line tuple. `message-id` is
   usually the message in English or a string which denotes the context of the 
   message (booth messages) and should not be manually modified.

3. Once messages are translated, you should compile catalogues and restart your
   zeus instance for updated messages to be displayed. Compile process also
   validates that translated messages are formated properly::

   $ cd <appname>; django-admin compilemessages;

4. For booth messages to be updated a different command is required. Those
   messages are handled by javascript and therefore should be placed in gettext
   catalogues generated specifically for this case::

   $ python manage.py makeboothmessages --no-location -l <lang-code> -e .html -e .js
   $ cd zeus/static/booth && django-admin compilemessages

5. The commands above should cover the translation of messages displayed in
   admins, voters and trustees views. Additional localized content is exposed 
   on site views such as `/`, `/faq`, `/terms` etc. The content of these pages 
   is not included in gettext i18n catalogues as it is `zeus.grnet.gr` service 
   specific. You can modify the texts by overriding the corresponding templates 
   used by Django to render the content of the page.

   - Home (index) view

     `helios/templates/i18n/<lang-code>/zeus/home.html`

   - FAQ

     `helios/templates/i18n/<lang-code>/zeus/faqs.html`

   - Contact

     `helios/templates/i18n/<lang-code>/zeus/contact.html`

   - Terms

     `terms/terms_<lang-code>.html`

Commit message:

docker: docker image with tests-related dependencies

docs/install/index.rst, after:

Run Zeus using Docker
=====================


.. note::

   Docker and `docker-compose` are required to follow along this guide.

.. warning::

   We highly discourage you to use the tools mentioned bellow for production
   purposes. Included docker images are composed to facilitate testing and
   demoing of the Zeus system.

1. Create a customized environment file::

    $ cp defaults.env local.env
    $ vim local.env


2. Spawn docker containers ::

    $ docker-compose up -d --force-recreate --build --remove-orphans


3. Inspect docker instance
    $ docker-compose logs -f app


5. Wait for a few seconds for initialization scripts to complete and login as 
   administrator using `admin/admin` credentials::

    $ open https://localhost/zeus/auth/auth/login


Development
===========

I18N
----

Zeus is based on Django and thus makes use of Django i18n tools for the
translation of messages across the user interface. The few cases where we
deviate from the common Django i18n process are described below. 

It is recommended to have a good read through Django documentation regarding
i18n in advance of the following guidelines. 

https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.7/topics/i18n/translation/


Application settings
********************

To enable additional languages or change the default language used at your
deployment you should modify the following settings in your `local_settings.py`
module accordingly::

   LANGUAGE_CODE = 'en-us'
   LANGUAGES = (('en', 'English'), ('el', 'Greek'), ('<lang-code>', 'My Language'))


Add or update I18N messages
***************************

To add or update a new or existing language translation the following steps
should be performed,

1. Create django.po mapping for the specified language. Notice that as Django
   keeps translation mappings separately for each django app you should run the
   following command once in the context of each app used by zeus. `zeus`,
   `zeus_forum`, `helios`, `heliosauth`, `server_ui`,
   `account_administration`::

   $ cd <appname>; django-admin makemessages --no-location -l <lang-code> -e .html -e .txt


2. The command above scans for I18N messagess across the code of the app and
   creates proper `gettext` django.po catalogues in
   `<app_name>/locale/<lang-code>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po` files.  It also
   handles updated/new/modified messages. Once the catalogue files are created
   you can edit them using your favourite text editor. Each message translation
   is formed in a <message-id>/<translation> two line tuple. `message-id` is
   usually the message in English or a string which denotes the context of the 
   message (booth messages) and should not be manually modified.

3. Once messages are translated, you should compile catalogues and restart your
   zeus instance for updated messages to be displayed. Compile process also
   validates that translated messages are formated properly::

   $ cd <appname>; django-admin compilemessages;

4. For booth messages to be updated a different command is required. Those
   messages are handled by javascript and therefore should be placed in gettext
   catalogues generated specifically for this case::

   $ python manage.py makeboothmessages --no-location -l <lang-code> -e .html -e .js
   $ cd zeus/static/booth && django-admin compilemessages

5. The commands above should cover the translation of messages displayed in
   admins, voters and trustees views. Additional localized content is exposed 
   on site views such as `/`, `/faq`, `/terms` etc. The content of these pages 
   is not included in gettext i18n catalogues as it is `zeus.grnet.gr` service 
   specific. You can modify the texts by overriding the corresponding templates 
   used by Django to render the content of the page.

   - Home (index) view

     `helios/templates/i18n/<lang-code>/zeus/home.html`

   - FAQ

     `helios/templates/i18n/<lang-code>/zeus/faqs.html`

   - Contact

     `helios/templates/i18n/<lang-code>/zeus/contact.html`

   - Terms

     `terms/terms_<lang-code>.html`
